check them on little chuffing lovin the
chick a bad boy
chuffing mother legit check them over
legit jumping my religion chopping my
religion
check the mothers at you check them my
religion getting jumpin jumpin jumpin
mommy lift it up to my religious jump my
religion chopping my religion
jumping mommy litter chuckling my
religion jumping my religion chopping my
religion my religion chopping my
religious jumpin my religion chopping my
religion gonna go you go move my nigga
bitches in your business my nigga my
nigga which I bought the villa we
smoking on killer nigga you meet her you
love her
I forgot about her Bruce in her novel
she broke and she wish a nigga like me
was shine occur coaching Cody from the
body whip it the sprite then double cup
clean it burn up to your blood SATs all
these jobs don't just be sorry
check valve illegitimate team on a
mission to London's Macbeth niggas my
fear for the ants on the scale - 50 s
sales agrees are you well whoa smoke it
online hitting some clouds man is the
loudest these niggas of jokes you know
when they broke is mainly the loudest
chop my will edging a chubby bunny girl
stick up for your finger she fucking the
team she's give me oh god I'm like don't
get wheelarches remember later fuck are
you feeling my niggas gorillas I know
why they hate but what's got a little
the switch on they nervous if his beef
catch him in that gap cuz I know where
you say at but up touch me you're gonna
like all right back I'm flipping them
back in the cush or my nigga trap you
know why we rock from chop off the block
tryna get that one get it the first time
around actually question you know we
don't talk
my niggas posted other trap boss so you
don't got to no no no an obscure poster
out there to get supper are chopping my
religion chopping my religious chopping
my religion trucking my religious go
chopping my religion chopping my
religious chopping my religion chopping
my religion
bitches in your business my mom's a
whole bunch of money
jumping jumping my religion chopping my
religion
chopping mother looking chopping my